PROMPT for GEMINI Flash:

ORIGINAL PROJECT PROMPT & BACKGROUND:

Prithee comes from the Blackfriar’s Playhouse in Staunton. As the Blackfriar’s team of Shakespearean actors prepare plays, they often sell tickets to a pre-opening show. (A beta release for the play, if you will.) If an actor cannot remember their next line during one of these preview shows, they will say “Prithee” and a fellow player in the wings with the script will call out the next line.

Your grade will essentially be a simple checkmark that you turned something in using the format indicated in class. Don’t get hung up if the program doesn’t work perfectly, and avoid the temptation to use the coding assistant to solve the problem. The purpose of the exercise is thinking through the problem and familiarizing yourself with Java and the project layout, the implemented solution is secondary.

The program should start from a Main class and contain a docs folder that contains the program documentation. The entire program should run in the console.
Given the sonnet below, write a program that prints out the sonnet and stops at a random word, printing a series of underscores instead, and not printing the rest of the sonnet. The program should prompt the user for the next word. Once the user responds, the program should indicate correct or error, and restart the sonnet, stopping at a different word. The program continues this prompting until the user gets three words correct or three words incorrect. You have liberty to design the program how you like, as long as it meets the requirements.

Sonnet 18 (William Shakespeare):
Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summer’s lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm’d;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or nature’s changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st;
Nor shall death brag thou wander’st in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou grow’st:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.